OK so our account list component RTX is still completely empty and we need to populate it.
So this portion of the code we will need to simply write its import component from this.
The standard thing that we need to write in Giller core
angular core.
OK.
Next up we're going to need to import count so import count so this we're basically just doing this
again.
From dot dot represents the current folder and then slash to where we are going with that current folders
so account dot model.
So do you know where we are importing this from.
Your account model that.
Yes.
OK.
Dot model.
That is what we're looking for so a our model does exist.
If you go in it there is a class count.
It's right here.
So if we go back to the TS as import and then restate account so we just account is right here
and then count off model which is right here in that ABC account that model Okay.
So that basic import is done.
Next up we need to actually construct our component.
So let's go ahead and do that
component here.
And here we go let's begin writing the first thing that we're going to need to do is create a selector
selector Colin
counts the list and then just then just we need a comma.
So selector is a name of an H DML pair of an HD tag that marks this component.
So this account Dasch list will inter relate to this.
So it says here accounts dush list.
And here we're creating a selector for the selector with the same name so accounts dash list.
This is how angular geus will know what is tied to what and where to insert what sort of code.
I'll come back to this in a moment when we actually do a demo in the part 3 I guess you we'll see how
that each DML code and logic is inserted into a certain place on the main page.
So to say and we're of course going to need a template for this so template you are ELF and are going
to need a p p o KPP slash count slash counts underline list.
So when you specify path component art HVM out and this is the path for the the HD M-L file within the
account folder.
OK so next up we're going to need to give it the style you are L4 the styles so as style if you or else
and we're going to go ahead and do that as well.
So you just put the quote marks and then type in an app slash account slash accounts underline list
we're just plugging in the C Ss component the C Ss and of course we need a it just me red dots which
is always a very bad thing.
So that should solve.
They sure don't know why those that either do or do seriously require a calling here.
Coba here.
It's going to go a rule.
We'll fix that along the merry way.
But there you go it's gone.
So we just need to actually continue writing code.
And now we need to go ahead and use this one.
So export class accounts list this boom sound that you just heard that is the Linux in the background
telling me that I should really perform the 70 some updates that have been pending for a while but I
am not going to do that.
Not now anyway.
So we're going to type in export in order and then create a class account's list.
We are exporting it so that we may use it elsewhere.
That is the that's very important that re-exported I've explained it before so that we so that it's
reusable.
And it says accounts lists.
Let's go ahead and open up our tags.
And the red dot is gone.
No more anyway.
Now within this within this class we will have to pull something out of the app component.
Yes because we no longer want it to be located here we would like to pool this portion of the code and
place it there.
So I have again marked it for myself here to begin.
The copy process.
So just copy all of this and go to here.
So take taken Take a good long look what we do to copy.
So where where where my beginning to copy and where am i ending it.
Then press control X take it out and plug it back into the other TS file here.
Just control V and paste it.
So there you go.
It's all here now.
There's nothing the code is not different to code is the same except we are separating it.
Go back into the component parts component at the file and we're going to need to copy something else
as well.
So this part down below so these two methods down below.
We would also like to grab them and put them into the account lists D.S. file.
Ok so now that they are here.
Press Control as save and that's it.
So you see now we have successfully constructed our accounts underly list start component as file we
have everything that we need from there and we have fooled everything that we have needed from the other
files as well.
So information is no longer stored there it is stored here.
Now it is completely separated.
The other work that we're going to that we will need to perform is actually in relation to the D.S.
file.
So we're going to need to modify it a little bit.
So app component TS need to go here and I no longer need these are cations.
So remove this.
Never mind the commented code down below.
That is just I will get to that all of it will be explained.
There are some things which we haven't which I haven't implemented yet.
So you don't have to really worry about that at all.
So the very first thing you are doing that we will need to change is this part here.
But I think I'm going to go ahead and explain that in part 3 and give you a demo as well because I have
directives here that needs to be plugged in.
And we will need to make an A.
We will need to.
We will need to do additional imports with modified pads in order to take into consideration the new
account folder that we made.
So thus far our imports as you can see just been stating Daut current folder and then grab something
from the current folder.
This is no longer valid.
We need to add a path an absolute path to this to the second model so we need to take current folder
and then go into the account folder and then find a account that model the farewell and I'll see you
in the follow up.